
# TaskTick

TaskTick is a user-friendly to-do application designed to streamline your daily tasks with a beautiful and intuitive interface.  Stay organized and focused with features like:

- Login/Signup: Create an account or log in to access your personalized task list.
- Task Management: Add, edit, and delete tasks to keep track of everything you need to accomplish.
- Unique User Avatars: Get a unique avatar based on your user ID, generated by Dicebear.
- Soothing UI & Simple UX: Enjoy a visually appealing and easy-to-use interface that enhances your productivity.


## Tech Stack

- Frontend: React Native
- HTTP Requests: Axios
- User Avatars: Dicebear
- Authentication: JWT token stored in local storage
- Mobile Development: EAS Build (for APK generation)
- Debugging: Android Studio Logcat


## Things I Learned:



Securely storing and handling JWT tokens for user authentication.
Building Android app packages (APK) using EAS Build.
Effectively debugging production issues with Android Studio Logcat.

## Installation


1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Dhruviika/Todo_App.git
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Run:
   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```
6. Follow React Native's setup guide for your development environment (https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started)




Run the app on your device using a simulator/emulator or a physical device.
Create an account or sign in (if you already have one).
Start adding your daily tasks and manage your to-do list!



